Reference Architecture (#933)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/hosting/self-managed/bare-metal.md

:::

Reach out to the W&B Sales Team for related question: [contact@wandb.com](mailto:contact@wandb.com).

## Infrastructure guidelines

> Please read through the [reference architecture](./ref-arch.md) before you start deploying W&B - especially the infrastructure requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start deploying W&B, refer to the [reference architecture](./ref-arch.md#infrastructure-requirements), especially the infrastructure requirements.
```

binlog_row_image = 'MINIMAL'
```

> Due to some changes in the way that MySQL 8.0 handles `sort_buffer_size`, you might need to update the `sort_buffer_size` parameter from its default value of `262144`. The recommendation is to set the value to `67108864(64MiB)` in order for the database to efficiently work with the W&B application. Note that, this only works with MySQL versions 8.0.28 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to some changes in the way that MySQL 8.0 handles `sort_buffer_size`, you might need to update the `sort_buffer_size` parameter from its default value of `262144`. The recommendation is to set the value to `67108864` (64MiB) to ensure that MySQL works efficiently with W&B. This configuration is supported in MySQL 8.0.28 and above.
```

binlog_row_image = 'MINIMAL'
```

> Due to some changes in the way that MySQL 8.0 handles `sort_buffer_size`, you might need to update the `sort_buffer_size` parameter from its default value of `262144`. The recommendation is to set the value to `67108864` (64MiB) to ensure that MySQL works efficiently with W&B. MySQL supports this configuration since version 8.0.28.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to some changes in the way that MySQL 8.0 handles `sort_buffer_size`, you might need to update the `sort_buffer_size` parameter from its default value of `262144`. The recommendation is to set the value to `67108864` (64MiB) to ensure that MySQL works efficiently with W&B. MySQL supports this configuration starting with v8.0.28.
```

```

:::caution

> This only works if the SSL certificate is trusted. W&B does not support self-signed certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works only if the SSL certificate is trusted. W&B does not support self-signed certificates.
```

Check log files to view any errors the W&B Server hits at startup. Run the following commands based on whether if you use Docker or Kubernetes: 

> <Tabs

Reviewer: Is it intentional to remove the Docker instructions?

Reviewer 2: I believe so, yes. We would like to move away from the docker way of deploying the software hence this.
